README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

<!--
**alexdevero/alexdevero** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## 👨‍💻 About me

I am a full-stack developer, with focus on frontend, and founder from Czechia.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on mainly two things: getting my software company off the ground and new hobby/business projects to make people's lives better
- 🌱 I’m currently learning few things:
  - subjects/areas: Computer science, machine learning engineering, backend in Node.js and Python
  - Languages: Python, Go, C and a bit of Assembly
- 📫 How to reach me:

<div id="badges">
  <a href="https://alexdevero.com">
    <img alt="Website Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/website-white">
  </a>
  <!--
  <a href="https://twitter.com/alexdevero">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-white?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=black" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
  -->
  <a href="https:/github.com/alexdevero">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-white?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=black" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://substack.com/@alexdevero">
    <img alt="Substack Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/substack-white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://cz.linkedin.com/in/alexdevero">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-white?style=flatlogo=linkedin&logoColor=black" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>
</div>

### 🔧 Technologies and tools

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" title="Redux" alt="Redux " width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" title="Next.js" alt="Next.js " width="40" height="40" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" title="TypeScript" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/vitest/vitest-original.svg" title="Vitest" alt="Vitest" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/firebase/firebase-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Firebase" alt="Firebase" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" title="PostgreSQl" **alt="PostgreSQl" width="40" height="40" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" title="MongoDB" **alt="MongoDB" width="40" height="40" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" title="NodeJS" alt="NodeJS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/graphql/graphql-plain.svg" title="GraphQL" alt="GraphQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-plain.svg" title="Node.js" alt="Node.js" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg" title="Express" alt="Express" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" **alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### 📈 My stats

[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=alexdevero)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=alexdevero&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-light)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

Chore: add freelance job note

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

<!--
**alexdevero/alexdevero** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## 👨‍💻 About me

I am a full-stack developer, with focus on frontend, and founder from Czechia. I am currently open for freelance projects.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on mainly two things: getting my software company off the ground and new hobby/business projects to make people's lives better
- 🌱 I’m currently learning few things:
  - subjects/areas: Computer science, machine learning engineering, backend in Node.js and Python
  - Languages: Python, Go, C and a bit of Assembly
- 📫 How to reach me:

<div id="badges">
  <a href="https://alexdevero.com">
    <img alt="Website Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/website-white">
  </a>
  <!--
  <a href="https://twitter.com/alexdevero">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-white?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=black" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
  -->
  <a href="https:/github.com/alexdevero">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-white?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=black" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://substack.com/@alexdevero">
    <img alt="Substack Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/substack-white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://cz.linkedin.com/in/alexdevero">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-white?style=flatlogo=linkedin&logoColor=black" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>
</div>

### 🔧 Technologies and tools

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" title="Redux" alt="Redux " width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" title="Next.js" alt="Next.js " width="40" height="40" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" title="TypeScript" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/vitest/vitest-original.svg" title="Vitest" alt="Vitest" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/firebase/firebase-plain-wordmark.svg" title="Firebase" alt="Firebase" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" title="PostgreSQl" **alt="PostgreSQl" width="40" height="40" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" title="MongoDB" **alt="MongoDB" width="40" height="40" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" title="NodeJS" alt="NodeJS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/graphql/graphql-plain.svg" title="GraphQL" alt="GraphQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-plain.svg" title="Node.js" alt="Node.js" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg" title="Express" alt="Express" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" **alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
</div>

### 📈 My stats

[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=alexdevero)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=alexdevero&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-light)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
